In this module, you learned a lot about debugging your react native apps
and that's super important because especially since it runs on a phone, it can be hard to work with it,
you can't look into it as much as you can look into a web application. With the tools taught in this
module here, especially with react native debugger,
you've got powerful debugging capabilities though. You can look into your source code and place breakpoints,
you can console log for some quick debugging,
you can have a look at your component hierarchy here to dive into your components and into the props
they have, the state they have and even change their styling on the fly
and you can have a look at your redux state.
So you got a lot of tools to really find that error that's blocking you.